Instructions should use CICS Explorer rather than git on z/OS (#2)
cicsdev/cics-nodejs-invoke: README.md

1. Visit the URI from a web browser: http://localhost:3000/

## Deploying the Node.js application in CICS
1. Clone this repository to your workstation:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/cicsdev/cics-nodejs-invoke.git
   ```
1. Start CICS Explorer V5.5 or above.
1. Select menu option **File → Import...** to start the import wizard, then select **General → Existing Projects into Workspace → Next**, and in option **Select root directory** select the directory `cics-nodejs-invoke/projects`. In the **Projects** section select cics-nodejs-invoke, then **Finish** to copy the project into the Eclipse workspace.
1. If the directory `node_modules` exists in the CICS bundle, remove it.
1. Update `catalog.profile`:
   * `PORT=3000` should be set to an available TCP/IP port on z/OS and be accessible from your workstation.
   * Note you do not need to set `CATALOG_SERVER=` when the Node.js application is run in CICS as the invoke API uses an optimised cross-memory mechanism to call COBOL programs.

> 1. Export the CICS bundle to a z/OS directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Export the CICS bundle to a zFS directory.
```
